Add sign out/logout documentation to README (#171)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: README.md

})
```

> When the user signs out of your app, you can unset the user by doing this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to clear the user information (e.g.: when the user signs out), you can do so by passing an empty object, as follow:
```
